 Custom Workouts The custom workout feature allows you to edit existing workouts or create your own workouts with our visual workout tool. If you have a custom Zwift workout file with a .zwo extension from a friend, coach, or other website, you can use it! In addition, if you have a trainer that supports ERG mode, Zwift will give you the option to toggle that mode on or off. This article covers the following: Custom workouts must have no more than 250 workout blocks to work with Zwift. Creating a Custom Workout Importing Custom Workouts Sharing Your Custom Workouts Deleting a Custom Workout The following table outlines the platforms that support creating custom workouts: Creating Custom Workouts Supported Creating Custom Workouts Not Supported PC AppleTV Mac Android Phone Android Tablet iPad Mini iPad iPhone iPad Air - iPad Pro - Creating a Custom Workout To create a custom workout, complete these steps: On the Home Screen, select WORKOUTS . Select Custom from the options on the left. Check out the section below if you'd like to create a custom workout based on an existing workout . Select CREATE WORKOUT . Drag and drop the intervals you want to include in your workout. If there's a specific wattage you would like to reach, type it in the Power field or drag the segment up and down until you reach the specific wattage. Pro Tip: If you don't complete a workout block, you won't receive XP for that block. To ensure you receive XP for your workouts, it's best to create multiple smaller blocks rather than fewer larger blocks. Select New Workout to enter a custom workout name. To ensure your workouts sync across your devices, don't include special characters, including symbols and punctuation, in workout names. To tag your workout for better filtering, select from the available workout tags or enter your own. Select the Description field to enter or edit a description for your workout. Select Save once you are happy with your custom workout. Creating a Custom Workout from an Existing Workout If you'd like to create a custom workout based on an existing workout, follow these steps: On the Home Screen, select WORKOUTS . Select the workout you'd like to edit then select Copy . Make your desired edits to the workout then select Save . Importing Custom Workouts You can import custom workouts from certain third-party platforms , or .zwo files created by your friends or other Zwifters. Third-party Platforms When you connect certain third-party platforms to Zwift you'll be able to see and complete your scheduled third-party workouts in Zwift. You can select the next available workout from the FOR YOU carousel on the Home Screen or select a workout from your third-party folder in the Custom tab under WORKOUTS. Here's a few things to keep in mind: If you've created your own third-party folder in Zwift, we suggest renaming that so you don't have two folders with the same name. TrainingPeaks workouts must have a unique title—that doesn't include special characters, including symbols and punctuation. TrainingPeaks workouts must be based on % FTP and duration for cycling and % of threshold pace and distance/duration for running to show up in Zwift. TrainingPeaks workouts are removed from the Home Screen once completed. To repeat a previous workout, just rename the workout in TrainingPeaks. E.g. "HIIT Workout 1-1-25". Make sure your FTP is the same in Zwift and your third-party platform to get the most out of your workouts. TriDot workouts are added to the FOR YOU carousel 30 minutes before the scheduled start time. TriDot workouts will remain visible in Zwift for 2 days after the completion date. Wahoo SYSTM workouts must be scheduled in your Wahoo SYSTM calender. Full data from certain third-party workouts completed in Zwift will automatically upload to the third-party platform. Only cycling—and not running—workouts can be sent to Zwift from Xert. .zwo Files If someone shares a .zwo file with you, you can add their workout to Zwift using a computer by following these steps: Once added, custom workouts are available on all devices the next time you launch the game—unless the file size is more than 64kb—after exiting and reopening the game. If the file is over 64kb, the workout will only be available on the computer you upload it to. Mac Copy the .zwo file you want to add. Open Finder . Go to Documents > Zwift > Workouts . Open the folder with your Zwift ID. Your Zwift ID is a string of digits (e.g. 123456). Paste the .zwo file into your Zwift ID folder. PC Locate the icon in the notification area of the taskbar. You may need to select Show hidden icons . Right-click the icon and select Open Logs Folder . In the file path at the top of the window, select Zwift . Select Workouts . Open the folder with your Zwift ID. Your Zwift ID is a string of digits (e.g. 123456). Paste the .zwo file into your Zwift ID folder. Sharing Your Custom Workouts Once you've finished creating a custom workout, you can share it with your friends or other Zwifters using a computer by following these steps: Mac Copy the .zwo file you want to add. Open Finder . Go to Documents > Zwift > Workouts . Open the folder with your Zwift ID. Your Zwift ID is a string of digits (e.g. 123456). Copy the .zwo file you want to share. Send the .zwo file to your friend. PC Locate the icon in the notification area of the taskbar. You may need to select Show hidden icons . Right-click the icon and select Open Logs Folder . In the file path at the top of the window, select Zwift . Select Workouts . Open the folder with your Zwift ID. Your Zwift ID is a string of digits (e.g. 123456). Copy the .zwo file you want to share. Send the .zwo file to your friend. Deleting a Custom Workout Follow these steps to delete a custom workout: On the Home Screen, select WORKOUTS . Select Custom from the options on the left and then select the workout you'd like to delete. Select DELETE then select DELETE to confirm. When you're ready to end your Zwift session, select and then select I'M DONE . Ride On. -The Team at Zwift 